Add Error Code Reference to flash plugin (#372)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/deep_dive/errors/README.md

	* `plugin`: The name of the plugin that cannot be removed.
	* `requiredBy`: The name of the plugin whose requirements block the removal.

> ## editor-plugin-deprecated
> 
> * Location: `plugins/flash/plugin.js`
> * Description: Flash plugin has been removed from CKEditor since 4.17.0 and is no longer available.
> * Additional data: None.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## editor-plugin-deprecated

* Location: `core/editor.js`
* Description: The plugin has been deprecated and should no longer be used.
* Additional data:
	* `plugin`: The name of the plugin that has been deprecated.
```
